Project Overview 
Project CUW supports a Submission Automation System, built on Cora SeQuence. The aim of the project is 
to automate parts of submission process across Aspen Insurance and Reinsurance. 
It works on the following main objectives: 
 Provide Aspen a greater visibility into the submission process. 
 Eliminate double keying effort and duplicate data entry. 
 Provide a single view of submissions across core policy systems. 
 Provide improved MI reporting. 
To facilitate the smooth functioning of the Submission Automation System CUW integrates with multiple 
Aspen in-house systems and databases. For example, the system is integrated with Subscribe, an Aspen policy 
admin system, to enable smooth flow of data between the two systems. 
With Sequence business process engine, CUW keeps track of almost any part of the submission process, let 
alone the data underlying that process. Along with a robust business process engine, CUW supports a simple 
UI for effortless end user experience. 
Core Project CUW provides Underwriting services a platform to have a single view of underwriting 
submissions sent by Underwriters, Brokers or other relevant stakeholders. It is a launch pad for further digital 
innovation including the potential to automate intake, add advanced analytics, and an artificial 
intelligence/machine learning platform. 
CUW efficiently manages the Reinsurance underwriting inventory daily and gives a clear view of the entire 
Submission process, each stage through which a submission pass. It allows you to keep track of Submissions, 
with details like the current stage of the submission, blocking issues on submissions and completion date. 
For Reinsurance 
Aspen Reinsurance allows an insurer to transfer portions of the risk portfolios to other insurers under an 
agreement. In case of Reinsurance, the insurance claim amount is born by many insurers and is not a burden 
on one. 
CUW supports the following two Reinsurance contracts: 
 Treaty reinsurance: a contract between the insurance company and the reinsurer, agreeing to share 
the risks of a predetermined class of policies over a period. In the system, Treaty submissions are 
processed through Layers underneath a Programme. In Subscribe, a Programme Reference Number 
is generated followed by a Layer Reference Number for each layer. 
 Facultative reinsurance: a contract covering the individual underlying policies, written on a policyspecific basis. In the system, Facultative submissions cover a specific risk of the insurer and generate 
a corresponding Policy reference number in Subscribe. 
